how to get my players to perform
plus
it is evident that the training of
athlete has changed a lot with the
time before the physical work was the
foundation however over time the
experts have been realizing that
there are other very interesting factors
and elementary to get more
performance in the players of a
team
the objective that we propose is
discover how we can improve the
performance of our players to
through elements as important as
they are setting high goals the
optimal planning of those objectives
without fear and with willpower the
teamwork et cetera and here in the
foundation as one of the things that you
teach is that of the sum discipline
strict as they prepare us for a
future is something different from what I have
found in different places and I
I think it's fundamental to be a great
professional and so on in the future when
we have some problem to know how to react
and the more you demand in the
discipline you can give your best in
each party and the teachers demand
a lot and that's what I like the most because
every time I fail they correct me
errors and correcting all errors
you reach success
maximum performance in sports only
is achieved by delivering you
permanently to one hundred percent and
with a maximum level of self-demand
every day in training and
in the matches always with desire and without
you want to do it in the matches is more
simple but always training
is what distinguishes a good player from
a true champion
if you want to get the most out of your
sport you have to work each and every
one of the days giving the hundred of you
same in all situations until
this becomes a habit you have
that set the bar at the top and not
never download it for that you need a
absolute delivery never put you
excuses low goals do not accept any
kind of distractions with which
we are usually bombed
when you are better than the rival the task
for some it is much simpler
because you have the feeling that the
rival overcomes them in different ways and
at the game level but you do not have to go down
the arms and keep on working
to fix the high performance and be
better at the level of motivation and level of
work when not when you're not better
that the rival you have to try to
to overcome you and to work and to strive
to reach a high performance and be
better every day and that with work and with
effort and with motivation you will be able to
to even surpass your rival and
be better every day do not have to enter the
party thinking that everything is already
lost me nor here to grow to learn to
training as a player and as a person not
you have to play alone with your head you have to
play mainly with the heart to
less failure are like victories too
you acquire qualities that are going to make you
Become a professional footballer in
football there are no impossible goals and
Even if you fail, you have to get up
you have to think about all the effort that
you've done with my son I have coaches
when you're little you'll get more than laugh
come down and here with the training that
we have not assured us by whom
nobody can assure you of anything but you have
a large percentage of arriving but maybe
you may think that this is very complicated
and it's not like this is closer than
you think it's about changing some of
our habits by others
one does not fail for
for losing a game for not playing well
fails because the mistakes that have
task
he does not correct them and he blames
others invent that is committing
mistakes is he when one puts one
goal because it is not, it is not easy to reach
that goal the day to day work is the most
important
any professional in any
success story that you listen to
behind all that there is a very basic
strong work